In this game we will have Dani,
Andy and Mari, stand up, please.
And in "Sap Button" they will
have to create a scene
in regular portuguese,
and when I ring the bell,
it's like when you press the
SAP button on your remote,
they change the language immediately.
This language will be selected from
someone who shouts a suggestion...
Tupi-guarani, what else?
French...
We will do a fancy, pretty,
sincere language,
which someone said here, the french.
And the title of our scene is...
'I hunger for a beef cut'
is our french movie...
Go!
Hey, waiter!
Hey waitress!
May I help you, sir?
I want some be...
With a lot of garlic!
Got it! I'll have it sent from...
- For you!
- Deal!
Hey, Jorjão!
Howdy, girl.
Jorjão, the guy from table 12
is asking for a beef...
I'll bring it to him.
Howdy, partner.
Want some beef?
I want a piece...
Lot of garlic!
I forgot the garlic!
I'll be damned,
he wants some garlic!
- Holy...
- No more garlic? Anything?
I think we ran out of garlic!
I'll talk to him.
You talk to him, girl!
Excuse me, sir...
We are...
And a 'Coke'!
Girl! See if he wants some...
Chicken breast?
Oh, ladies and gentlemen!
That's really chicken breast,
right, Mari?
- Mari, kick his ass!
- Are they real? I'm not sure...
They are! I'm not dumb enough
to buy that stuff in this size!
CIA. BARBIXAS DE HUMOR
presented
IMPROVÁVEL
Probably a good show.